Problem Statment:
Stroke is the second leading cause of death and a major contributor to disability worldwide. The prevalence of stroke is highest in developing countries, with ischemic stroke being the most common type. the combined resluts from people who had a stroke and the emotional unstablaty of those who are related to them have caused projects to halt and progress to decline in various industries. In the light of these facts, the national health institution intend to  fix this by educating both indiviuals and companies looking to excel in their careers about the possible ways to reduce the chance of having a stroke. To achieve that, the national health institution has collected some health-ralted and some social-related information from individuals in different areas. Based on the outcomes of this research, we as the institution's representatives hope to uncover the relationships beetween the gathered data, and share some guidelines with the public to demonstrate the significance of some overlocked indecation of having a stroke.


Objective:
The goal of this project is to analyze the data and predict whether an indiviual is likely to get a stroke based on various factors. In this project, we intend to uncover the pssible relationships between having a stroke and some health-related conditions such as hypertension, heart disease, bmi and smoking status. Moreover, we would investegate if the area of residence and the type of carrier of the person are of any affect on the likelyness of having a stroke. Lastly, are the marital status and the age connected to the possiblity of having a stroke.
